# Copyright Policy

The Philadelphia Museum of Art (the "Museum") provides www.philamuseum.org and its subdomains (the "Websites") in support of the Museum's mission. In brief, the Museum’s mission is to preserve, enhance, interpret, and extend the reach of its great collections in particular, and the visual arts in general. By accessing the Websites, users agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, which the Museum may revise from time to time. Users are encouraged to visit this page periodically to review current terms and conditions.

WEBSITE CONTENT IS PROTECTED BY LAW. The data, images, software, documentation, text, video, audio, and other information on the Websites (the "Materials") are proprietary to the Museum or its licensors or other third parties. The Museum retains all its rights, including copyright, in the Materials. Copyright and other proprietary rights may be held by individuals or entities other than, or in addition to, the Museum. Any unauthorized use of the Materials or the Trademarks (defined below), except as permitted by these terms and conditions, is strictly prohibited.

PERMITTED USE. The Materials are made available for non-commercial, educational and personal use only or for "fair use" under the United States copyright laws. Users may download files for personal use, subject to any additional terms or restrictions applicable to the individual Materials. Users must properly cite the source of the Materials and the citations should include a link to www.philamuseum.org. By downloading, printing, or using Materials from the Websites, whether accessed directly or indirectly, users agree that they will limit their use to the uses permitted by these terms and conditions or by fair use, and will not violate the Museum’s or any other party's proprietary rights. Users may not remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices and may not modify the Materials. Downloading, copying, distributing, or otherwise using Materials for any commercial purpose is strictly prohibited.

NO WARRANTIES. The Museum does not warrant or represent that use of Materials displayed on the Website will not infringe the rights of third parties. ALL MATERIALS ON THE WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, COPYRIGHT OWNERSHIP AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. The Museum will not be liable for any damages to or viruses that may infect a user’s computer or other device resulting from use of any Websites or from downloading any Materials. At its discretion, the Museum may discontinue or take down all or any part of the Websites or remove any Material at any time.

LICENSING. Anyone wishing to use any Materials for other than a permitted use must receive prior permission. To obtain permission (a license), please contact:

The Philadelphia Museum of Art
Library and Archives
Tel: 215-684-7650
E-mail: library@philamuseum.org

DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT ("DMCA"). The Museum is committed to complying with U.S. copyright and related laws, and requires all users of the Websites to comply with these laws. Owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under U.S. copyright law have been infringed should report their concern by providing notice to the Museum’s Designated Agent pursuant to DMCA. If notice is provided by email, please send the notice to: library@philamuseum.org. If notice is provided by mail, please send the notice to: Designated Copyright Agent, c/o General Counsel, Philadelphia Museum of Art, P.O. Box 7646, Philadelphia, PA 19101-7646.
TRADEMARKS. Many of the trademarks, service marks and logos ("Trademarks") displayed on the Websites, including PHILADELPHIA MUSEUM OF ART, RODIN MUSEUM and PMA, are marks of the Philadelphia Museum of Art which are registered or otherwise protected by law. The Trademarks of third parties may also be displayed on the Websites. Nothing contained in the Websites should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Trademark without written permission of the Museum or third party that may own the Trademark.